aamiin	amin
abiz	habis
adain	adakan
admind	admin
ah	mengeluh
aih	mengeluh
aja	saja
ajah	saja
aje	saja
ajh	saja
alloh	allah
alus	halus
ampyun	ampun
ane	saya
anjay	anjing
apak	apa
apek	bau
ayuk	ayo
bagusan	lebih bagus
balesan	balasan
balikin	kembalikan
barapaan	berapa
barengan	bersamaan
barokallah	barakallah
bawahnya	bagian bawah
bbrp	beberapa
bedo	beda
belakangnya	bagian belakang
beliin	belikan
beneran	sebenarnya
benerin	benarkan
berapaan	berapa
berenti	berhenti
beres	selesai
bersihin	bersihkan
beuh	mengeluh
bgini	begini
bgitu	begitu
bgs	bagus
bgt	banget
bgtu	begitu
bgus bagus
biasah	biasa
bikin	buat
bingit	banget
bingits	banget
bingitz	banget
bisah	bisa
bju	baju
bkal	bakal
blang	bilang
blanja	belanja
bleh	boleh
bli	beli
blnj	belanja
blnja	belanja
blom	belum
blasan	balasan
blsn	balasan
blus	blouse
bnget	banget
bngt	banget
bngts	banget
bocorin	bocorkan
bodone	bodohnya
bosen	bosan
brapa	berapa
brarti	berarti
brati	berarti
brenti	berhenti
bres	beres
brpa	berapa
brpaan	berapa
brpan	berapa
brpe	berapa
brti	berarti
budeg	tidak bisa mendengar
buwat	buat
bwah	bawah
bye	sampai jumpa
cakep	bagus
cakeup	bagus
cantiq	cantik
cantique	cantik
cantumin	cantumkan
capek	lelah
cba	coba
cepetan	lebih cepat
chek	periksa
ckup	cukup
clana	celana
cma	cuma
cntik	cantik
cpet	cepat
cpt	cepat
cra	cara
crnya	caranya
cs	customer service
cup	ayo
cus	ayo
cwe	cewek
cwo	cowok
dalamnya	bagian dalam
dalem	dalam
daleman	pakaian dalam
dalemnya	bagian dalam
dapatinnya	cara mendapatkan
dapet	dapat
dapetin	mendapatka
dbnerin	dibenarkan
depannya	bagia depan
detil	datail
dhbungi	dihubungi
diajakin	diajak
diganti	diubah
dijelasin	dijelaskan
dikit	sedikit
dilipet	dilipat
dimari	di sini
dimasukin	dimasukkan
diomongin	dibicarakan
dipake	dipakai
dipanjangin	diperpanjang
dirmh	di rumah
dirubah	diubah
disimpen	disimpan
disuruh	diminta
ditambahin	ditambahkan
ditaro	diletakkan
dki	daerah khusus ibukota
dlam	dalam
dm 	direct message
dobel	ganda
dpat	dapat
dpet	dapat
dritdi	daritadi
duluan	lebih dahulu
dund	dong
dung	dong
enakan	lebih enak
enga	tidak
ga	tidak
gaa	tidak
gabutuh	tidak butuh
gaes	teman-teman
gafaham	tidak paham
gakada	tidak ada
gakbisa	tidak bisa
gaks	tidak
gakuat	tidak kuat
gapunya	tidak punya
gausah	tidak usah
gede	besar
gedhe	besar
gelut	bertengka
gemesh	gemes
gemesin	menggemaskan
gercep	gerak cepat
gimna	bagaimana
gini	seperti ini
gituan	seperti itu
gmbr	gambar
gni	seperti ini
gtlo	seperti itu
gtu	seperti itu
habisisn	habiskan
haha	tertawa
hahaha	tertawa
hahahaha	tertawa
hadeh	aduh
hadeuh	aduh
halo	hallo
hape	handphone
haute	hari ulang tahun
hayo	ayo
hayu	ayo
hayuk	ayo
hbgi	hubungi
hehe	tertawa
hehehe	tertawa
hiks	sedih
hp	handphone
hrg	harga
hrga	harga
hub	hubungi
huft	mengeluh
huhu	sedih
huhuhu	sedih
ieuk	ayo
ih	jijik
ijin	izin
ijo	hijau
ikutan	ikut
infoin	infokan
inih	ini
inshaallah	insyaallah
insyallah	insyaallah
ist	istimewa
iyah	iya
iyak	iya
jabar	jawa barat
jadiken	jadikan
jadikeun	jadikan
jakbar	jakarta barat
jaksel	jakarta selatan
jaktim	jakarta timur
jakut	jakarta utara
jaman	zaman
japri	jaringan pribadi
jastip	jasa titip
jateng	jawa tengah
jatim	jawa timur
jkrt	jakarta
jkt	jakarta
jngn	jangan
jugak	juga
jum'at	jumat
kabari	beri kabar
kasi	beri
kasian	kasihan
kasih	beri
katain	ejek
kayak	seperti
kayaknya	sepertinya
kbgian	kebagian
kbrin	beri kabar
kcuali	kecuali
keabisan	kehabisan
keambil	terambil
keapus	terhapus
kebakar	terbakar
kebalik	terbalik
kabnyakan	terlalu banyak
kebeli	terbeli
kebesaran	terlalu besar
kebon	kebun
kece	keren
kecey	keren
kegedean	terlalu besar
kekecilan	terlalu kecil
kelar	selesai
kelebihan	berlebihan
kelewat	terlewat
keluarin	keluarkan
kelupaan	terlupa
kepanjangan	terlalu panjang
kernjang	keranjang
kesel	kesal
keyen	keren
khbsn	kehabisan
kirain	saya pikir
klewatan	terlewat
kliatan	terlihat
klupaan	terlupa
kmaren	kemarin
kmarin	kemarin
kmbali	kembali
kmn	kemana
kmna	kemana
kmren	kemarin
kmu	kamu
knapa	kenapa
kocak	lucu
komen	komentar
komplen	komplain
konfirm	konfirmasi
kowe	kamu
kpan	kapan
kramat	keramat
kranjang	keranjang
kren	keren
krmh	kerumah
krna	karena
krnjang	keranjang
ketinggalan	tertinggal
ktp	kartu tanda penduduk
kuy	ayo
kyut	itum
kzl	kesal
lagih	lagi
lanjutin	lanjutkan
laper	lapar
lbh	lebih
lbih	lebih
lemot	lambat
lgsung	langsung
lucuk	lucu
lucuw	lucu
luv	cinta
mauk	mau
makai	memakai
makasi	terima kasih
make	memakai
makmak	ibu-ibu
males	malas
mantab	mantap
mantengin	melihat
mantep	mantap
manteps	mantap
maren	kemarin
masbro	kakak laki-laki
mash	masih
masi	masih
mauk	mau
maw	mau
mba	kakak perempuan
mbk	kakak perempuan
mdah	mudah
megang	memegang
mesen	pesan
mesti	semestinya
mimin	admin
mintak	meminta
mkasih	terima kasih
mksh	terima kasih
mksi	terima kasih
mnat	minat
moga	semoga
motong	memotong
muehehe	tertawa
mules	mulas
mupeng	ingin
muter	memutar
nahan	menahan
naksir	tertari
nambah	tambah
ndk	tidak
neh	ini
nganter	mengantar
ngasah	mengasah
ngecek	memeriksa
ngecewain	mengecewakan
nggk	tidak
ngincar	mengincar
ngincer	mengincar
ngirim	mengirim
ngiris	mengiris
ngjar	mengajar
ngk	tidak
ngomong	berbicara
ngrti	mengerti
ngulang	mengulang
ngumpetin	menyembunyikan
ngumpulin	mengumpulkan
nitip	menitipkan
njay	anjing
njir	anjing
nmor	nomor
nnya	bertanya
nolak	menolak
nomer	nomor
nongol	muncul
ntr	nanti
nungguin	menunggu
nunjukin	menunjukkan
nutup	menutup
nyatu	menyatu
nyebelin	menyebalkan
nyerap	menyerap
nyesel	menyesal
nyetak	mencetak
nyimpan	menyimpan
nyimpen	menyimpan
nympe	sampai
nyobek	merobek
ohemji	oh my god
ok	oke
okay	oke
okey	oke
orderan	pesanan
ori	asli
original	asli
padahl	padahal
padet	padat
pantengin	tonton
pantes	pantas
pembyrn	pembayaran
pertma	pertama
pesen	pesan
pgn	ingin
pict	gambar
pie	bagaimana
pilihin	pilihkan
piso	pisau
pkek	pakai
pkl	pedagang kaki lima
plis	mohon
pls	mohon
plz	mohon
pngen	ingin
podo	sama
poto	foto
penah	pernah
punyaku	milikku
punyamu	milikmu
puter	putar
qta	kita
rbu	ribu
rebo	rabu
rebutan	berebut
registrasi	pendaftaran
sabi	bisa
salfok	salah fokus
sblh	sebelah
sbr	sabar
sby	surabaya
sdah	sudah
seger	segar
segimana	berapa
sekale	sekali
semalem	semalam
seneng	senang
silahkan	silakan
simpen	simpan
sist	kakak perempuan
sista	kakak perempuan
skg	sekarang
skrg	sekarang
slain	selain
slalu	selalu
smg	semoga
smoga	semoga
smpai	sampai
smpat	sempat
smrg	semarang
spatu	sepatu
srbu	serbu
srgam	seragam
sitimewa	istimewa
stok	persediaan
sukak	suka
syantiek	cantik
syedih	sedih
syuka	suka
syusah	susah
takis	sikat
tancep	menancap
tangsel	tangeran selatan
tau	tahu
tauk	tahu
tebel	tebal
tengkyu	terima kasih
tenkyu	terima kasih
terimakasi	terima kasih
terimakasih	terima kasih
terkdang	terkadang
tetep	tetap
thnks	terima kasih
tjakeup	cakep
tkut	takut
tlong	tolong
tmpat	tempat
tnggu	tunggu
tnpa	tanpa
tnya	tanya
tnyt	ternyata
trbaru	terbaru
trimakasih	terima kasih
trimksh	terima kasih
trjangkau	terjangkau
trlalu	terlalu
ttip	titip
tuker	tukar
ucul	lucu
udaah	sudah
uga	juga
verapa	berapa
wadoh	aduh
waini	ini
wanjir	anjing
wqwq	tertawa
xantik	cantik
yaa	ya
yaah	kecewa
yah	kecewa
yak	ya
yeay	hore
yoi	iya
yok	ayo
yuhu	gembira
yukk	ayo
yuks	ayo




english
account	akun
advice	saran
almost	hampir
always	selalu
another	lainnya
available	tersedia
awesome	bagus
back	kembali
barter	bertukar
beautiful	cantik
booked	dipesan
booking	memesan
bring	bawa
broken	rusak
budget	anggaran
buyer	pembeli
cancel	batal
check	periksa
colors	warna
comment	komentar
contact kontak
conversation	percakapan
cool	keren
cute	lucu
damn	sial
date	tanggal
day	hari
deep	dalam
double	ganda
down	turun
dusty	berdebu
edition	edisi
error	bermasalah
extra	berlebih
fast	cepat
favorite	favorit
fee	biaya
finally	akhirnya
flower	bunga
follow	ikuti
form	bentuk
friend	teman
friendly	bersahabat
game	permainan
gift	hadiah
giveaway	pemberian
good	bagus
grab	ambil
hand	tangan
happy	bahagia
help	tolong
hunt	berburu
instant	instan
last	terakhir
launch	luncur
left	kiri
like	suka
limit	batas
limited	terbatas
locked	terkunci
long	panjang
look	melihat
love	cinta
luck	beruntung
mad	marah
maybe	sepertinya
melody	melodi
message	pesan
money	uang
must	harus
need	butuh
needed	dibutuhkan
new	baru
nice	bagus
now	sekarang
office	kantor
only	hanya
overall	keseluruhan
owner	pemilik
payment	pembayaran
pending	tunda
perfect	sempurna
please	mohon
post	kiriman
price	harga
product	produk
ready	siap
release	melepaskan
repair	memperbaiki
repeat	ulang
request	meminta
respond	menganngapi
response	tanggapan
return	mengembalikan
run	lari
sad	sedih
save	simpan
search	cari
seller	penjual
serious	serius
service	layanan
shipment	pengiriman
shop	toko
simple	sederhana
sister	kakak perempuan
slow	pelan
sold	terjual
soon	segera
stock	persediaan
store	toko
success	sukses
support	dukungan
sweet	manis
time	waktu
today	hari ini
trusted	terpercaya
upload	unggah
user	pengguna
wait	tunggu
